Examples
--------

All the examples are designed to be self-contained, tutorial like, introductions to using scoobi. You can easily take one of the examples, run it, move it, modify it and perhaps even use it as the basis of your Scoobi project. These are intentionally simple and step-by-step with lots of comments, so once you get more familiar with Scoobi you could easily do the same thing with a quarter the code.

Build Instruction
=================

1. Make sure you have scoobi and sbt. There's more information on the front page, but the short of it is:

        $ git clone https://github.com/nicta/scoobi.git
        $ cd scoobi
        # make sure you have sbt installed, and in your path
        $ sbt publish-local

2. Change into the directory of the example, e.g.

        $ cd wordCount 

2. Run the 'package-hadoop' command from sbt to build a self contained jar (it will include scoobi, so can be used from anywhere)

        $ sbt package-hadoop

This builds a self contained jar, that can be transferred and used from another computer
(even one that might not have Scala, Sbt or Scoobi)


4. Look at the output of package-haddop to get the jar name, and pass it to hadoop e.g.

        $ hadoop-0.20 jar target/Scoobi\ Word\ Count-hadoop-0.1.jar

*Note*: There is currently an [undiagnosed issue](link-to-issue) in which there is an error finding "scala.math" from inside javassist. This appears to be a Mac specific issue, and a work around exists. Set *$HADOOP_CLASSPATH* to the name of the built jar, then run hadoop by passing in the name of the object with a `main` function to execute. e.g.

        # mac workaround
        $ export HADOOP_CLASSPATH=/path/to/WordCount-haddop-0.1.jar
        $ hadoop ExamplesMainObjectToRun

(Each time you run _package-hadoop_ from sbt, it will write over the old jar, so you shouldn't need to set HADOOP_CLASSPATH each time you run a job)

5. Take a look at the results. All of the examples write to ./output-dir, there should be both the autogenerated data that was used, along with the results. To rerun the example, you will need remove / rename output-dir (The examples will give an error if it already exists, to prevent overwriting anything)
